[{"reference": "a flow of electrons which reverses its direction of flow at regular intervals in a conductor.", "system": "Alternating current (AC) is an electric current which periodically reverses direction, in contrast to direct current (DC) which flows only in one direction. Alternating current is the form in which electric power is delivered to businesses and residences, and it is the form of electrical energy that consumers typically use when they plug kitchen appliances, televisions, fans and electric lamps into a wall socket. A common source of DC power is a battery cell in a flashlight. The abbreviations \"AC\" and \"DC\" are often used to mean simply \"alternating\" and \"direct\", as when they modify \"current\" or \"voltage\"."}, {"reference": "a device which converts mechanical energy into electrical energy.", "system": "An alternator is an electrical generator that converts mechanical energy to electrical energy in the form of alternating current. For reasons of cost and simplicity, most alternators use a rotating magnetic field with a stationary armature. Occasionally, a linear alternator or a rotating armature with a stationary magnetic field is used. In principle, any AC electrical generator can be called an alternator, but usually the term refers to small rotating machines driven by automotive and other internal combustion engines. An alternator that uses a permanent magnet for its magnetic field is called a magneto. Alternators in power stations driven by steam turbines are called turbo-alternators. Large 50 or 60\u00a0Hz three-phase alternators in power plants generate most of the world's electric power, which is distributed by electric power grids."}, {"reference": "a unit of measure for battery capacity. it is obtained by multiplying the current (in amperes) by the time (in hours) during which current flows. for example, a battery which provides 5 amperes for 20 hours is said to deliver 100 ampere - hours.", "system": "An ampere hour or amp hour (symbol Ah; also denoted A\u22c5h or A\u00a0h) is a unit of electric charge, having dimensions of electric current multiplied by time, equal to the charge transferred by a steady current of one ampere flowing for one hour, or 3600 coulombs. The commonly seen \"milliampere hour\" (mAh or mA\u22c5h) is one-thousandth of an ampere hour (3.6\u00a0coulombs)."}, {"reference": "the ability of a body to store an electrical charge. measured in farads as the ratio of the electric charge of the object (q, measured in coulombs) to the voltage across the object (v, measured in volts).", "system": "Capacitance is the ratio of the change in an electric charge in a system to the corresponding change in its electric potential. There are two closely related notions of capacitance: \"self capacitance\" and \"mutual capacitance\". Any object that can be electrically charged exhibits \"self capacitance\". A material with a large self capacitance holds more electric charge at a given voltage than one with low capacitance. The notion of \"mutual capacitance\" is particularly important for understanding the operations of the capacitor, one of the three elementary linear electronic components (along with resistors and inductors)."}, {"reference": "an automatic device for stopping the flow of current in an electric circuit. to restore service, the circuit breaker must be reset (closed) after correcting the cause of the overload or failure. circuit breakers are used in conjunction with protective relays to protect circuits from faults.", "system": "A circuit breaker is an automatically operated electrical switch designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by excess current from an overload or short circuit. Its basic function is to interrupt current flow after a fault is detected. Unlike a fuse, which operates once and then must be replaced, a circuit breaker can be reset (either manually or automatically) to resume normal operation."}, {"reference": "the maximum electric field that a pure material can withstand under ideal conditions without breaking down (i.e., without experiencing failure of its insulating properties).", "system": "In physics, the term dielectric strength has the following meanings:"}, {"reference": "a steady flow of electrons moving steadily and continually in the same direction along a conductor from a point of high potential to one of lower potential. it is produced by a battery, generator, or rectifier.", "system": "Direct current (DC) is the unidirectional flow of electric charge. A battery is a good example of a DC power supply. Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire, but can also flow through semiconductors, insulators, or even through a vacuum as in electron or ion beams. The electric current flows in a constant direction, distinguishing it from alternating current (AC). A term formerly used for this type of current was galvanic current."}, {"reference": "the region around a charged body in which the charge has an effect.", "system": "An electric field (sometimes abbreviated as E-field) is a vector field surrounding an electric charge that exerts force on other charges, attracting or repelling them. Mathematically the electric field is a vector field that associates to each point in space the force, called the Coulomb force, that would be experienced per unit of charge by an infinitesimal test charge at that point. The units of the electric field in the SI system are newtons per coulomb (N/C), or volts per meter (V/m). Electric fields are created by electric charges, or by time-varying magnetic fields. Electric fields are important in many areas of physics, and are exploited practically in electrical technology. On an atomic scale, the electric field is responsible for the attractive force between the atomic nucleus and electrons that holds atoms together, and the forces between atoms that cause chemical bonding. Electric fields and magnetic fields are both manifestations of the electromagnetic force, one of the four fundamental forces (or interactions) of nature."}, {"reference": "the process by which voltage is induced in a conductor by varying the magnetic field so that lines of force cut across the conductor.", "system": "Electromagnetic or magnetic induction is the production of an electromotive force (i.e., voltage) across an electrical conductor in a changing magnetic field."}, {"reference": "(emf) a difference in potential that tends to give rise to an electric current. measured in volts.", "system": "Electromotive force, abbreviated emf (denoted formula_1 and measured in volts), is the electrical intensity or \"pressure\" developed by a source of electrical energy such as a battery or generator. A device that converts other forms of energy into electrical energy (a \"transducer\") provides an emf as its output. (The word \"force\" in this case is not used to mean mechanical force, as may be measured in pounds or newtons.)"}, {"reference": "the measure of the opposition that a circuit presents to a current when a voltage is applied. impedance extends the concept of resistance to ac circuits, and possesses both magnitude and phase, unlike resistance, which has only magnitude.", "system": "Electrical impedance is the measure of the opposition that a circuit presents to a current when a voltage is applied. The term \"complex impedance\" may be used interchangeably."}, {"reference": "a device with only one input and one output; it inverts or reverses any input.", "system": "A power inverter, or inverter, is an electronic device or circuitry that changes direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC)."}, {"reference": "the product of power in kw and time in hours. equal to 1000 watt-hours. for example, if a 100w light bulb is used for 4 hours, 0.4kwhs of energy will be used (100w x 1kw / 1000 watts x 4 hours). electrical energy is sold in units of kwh.", "system": "The kilowatt hour (symbol kWh, kW\u22c5h or kW\u00a0h) is a unit of energy equal to 3.6\u00a0megajoules. If energy is transmitted or used at a constant rate (power) over a period of time, the total energy in kilowatt hours is equal to the power in kilowatts multiplied by the time in hours. The kilowatt hour is commonly used as a billing unit for energy delivered to consumers by electric utilities."}, {"reference": "the flow of magnetism about a magnet exhibited by magnetic lines of force in a magnetic field.", "system": "In physics, specifically electromagnetism, the magnetic flux (often denoted or ) through a surface is the surface integral of the normal component of the magnetic field B passing through that surface. The SI unit of magnetic flux is the weber (Wb) (in derived units: volt formula_1 seconds), and the CGS unit is the maxwell. Magnetic flux is usually measured with a fluxmeter, which contains measuring coils and electronics, that evaluates the change of voltage in the measuring coils to calculate the magnetic flux."}, {"reference": "an instrument for measuring the resistance in ohms of an electrical circuit.", "system": "An ohmmeter is an electrical instrument that measures electrical resistance, the opposition to an electric current. Micro-ohmmeters (microhmmeter or microohmmeter) make low resistance measurements. Megohmmeters (also a trademarked device Megger) measure large values of resistance. The unit of measurement for resistance is ohms (\u03a9)."}, {"reference": "a high - voltage gain, low - power, linear amplifying circuit device used to add, subtract, average, etc.", "system": "An operational amplifier (often op-amp or opamp) is a DC-coupled high-gain electronic voltage amplifier with a differential input and, usually, a single-ended output. In this configuration, an op-amp produces an output potential (relative to circuit ground) that is typically hundreds of thousands of times larger than the potential difference between its input terminals."}, {"reference": "the ratio of the actual electrical power dissipated by an ac circuit to the product of the r.m.s. values of current and voltage. the difference between the two is caused by reactance in the circuit and represents power that does no useful work.", "system": "In electrical engineering, the power factor of an AC electrical power system is defined as the ratio of the \"real power\" absorbed by the load to the \"apparent power\" flowing in the circuit, and is a dimensionless number in the closed interval of \u22121 to 1. A power factor of less than one indicates the voltage and current are not in phase, reducing the instantaneous product of the two. Real power is the instantaneous product of voltage and current and represents the capacity of the electricity for performing work. Apparent power is the average product of current and voltage. Due to energy stored in the load and returned to the source, or due to a non-linear load that distorts the wave shape of the current drawn from the source, the apparent power may be greater than the real power. A negative power factor occurs when the device (which is normally the load) generates power, which then flows back towards the source."}, {"reference": "a device used to hold integrated circuit components in place and provide current paths from component to component. copper pathways are etched into the board with acid.", "system": "A printed circuit board (PCB) mechanically supports and electrically connects electronic components or electrical components using conductive tracks, pads and other features etched from one or more sheet layers of copper laminated onto and/or between sheet layers of a non-conductive substrate. Components are generally soldered onto the PCB to both electrically connect and mechanically fasten them to it."}, {"reference": "the portion of electricity that establishes and sustains the electric and magnetic fields of ac equipment. exists in an ac circuit when the current and voltage are not in phase. measured in vars.", "system": "Power in an electric circuit is the rate of flow of energy past a given point of the circuit. In alternating current circuits, energy storage elements such as inductors and capacitors may result in periodic reversals of the direction of energy flow."}, {"reference": "a circuit in which the parts are connected end to end, positive pole to negative pole, so that only one path is provided for current flow.", "system": "Components of an electrical circuit or electronic circuit can be connected in many different ways. The two simplest of these are called series and parallel and occur frequently. Components connected in series are connected along a single path, so the same current flows through all of the components. Components connected in parallel are connected along multiple paths, so the same voltage is applied to each component."}, {"reference": "a temperature - compensated resistor. the degree of its resistance varies with the temperature. in some regulators, it controls a zener diode so that a higher system voltage is produced in cold weather, when needed.", "system": "A thermistor is a type of resistor whose resistance is dependent on temperature, more so than in standard resistors. The word is a portmanteau of \"thermal\" and \"resistor\". Thermistors are widely used as inrush current limiters, temperature sensors (negative temperature coefficient or NTC type typically), self-resetting overcurrent protectors, and self-regulating heating elements (positive temperature coefficient or PTC type typically)."}, {"reference": "a device that controls the strength of a magnetic field produced by a generator or alternator. it prevents the battery from being overor undercharged during high - or low - speed operation of the generator or alternator.", "system": "A voltage regulator is a system designed to automatically maintain a constant voltage level. A voltage regulator may use a simple feed-forward design or may include negative feedback. It may use an electromechanical mechanism, or electronic components. Depending on the design, it may be used to regulate one or more AC or DC voltages."}]