Electrical contractor

An electrical contractor is a business person or firm that performs specialized construction work related to the design, installation, and maintenance of electrical systems.

An electrical contractor is different from an electrician; an electrician is an individual tradesman and an electrical contractor is a business person or company that employs electricians. Both usually hold licenses and insurances to properly and safely operate a business, protecting the employees and home owners/business owners from insurance liabilities. These requirements vary from state to state. Electricians may work for an electrical contractor, or directly for individuals or companies.

Electrical contractors are generally classified by three major types of work performed.

Electrical contractors employ workers in many capacities, determined by their level of training and experience. Some common jobs include:


In the United Kingdom, the two main trade associations are the Electrical Contractors' Association, covering England, Northern Ireland and Wales, and SELECT - the Electrical Contractors' Association for Scotland. The main certification bodies are the National Inspection Council for Electrical Installation Contracting and Elecsa.

The National Electrical Contractors Association (NECA) is the largest trade association in the electrical contracting industry, with about 4500 members. NECA publishes an industry magazine, and sponsors an annual convention and trade show. Independent Electrical Contractors (IEC) is another trade association for electrical contractors with 70 chapters across the U.S. They provide education and training via a U.S. Department of Labor recognized apprenticeship program.

The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers organizes and represents over 700,000 members, and provides training and apprenticeship programs.

Electrical contractors in the United States are required to follow National Electrical Code (NEC) to ensure systems work in a safe manner. The NEC is a widely adopted model code for the installation of electrical components and systems, designed to safeguard persons and property from hazards arising from the use of electricity. While these are the default minimum requirements and guidelines, some states modify selected areas of the NEC code to suit their specific circumstances.



