Covariant formulation of classical electromagnetism

The covariant formulation of classical electromagnetism refers to ways of writing the laws of classical electromagnetism (in particular, Maxwell's equations and the Lorentz force) in a form that is manifestly invariant under Lorentz transformations, in the formalism of special relativity using rectilinear inertial coordinate systems. These expressions both make it simple to prove that the laws of classical electromagnetism take the same form in any inertial coordinate system, and also provide a way to translate the fields and forces from one frame to another. However, this is not as general as Maxwell's equations in curved spacetime or non-rectilinear coordinate systems.

This article uses the classical treatment of tensors and Einstein summation convention throughout and the Minkowski metric has the form diag (+1, −1, −1, −1). Where the equations are specified as holding in a vacuum, one could instead regard them as the formulation of Maxwell's equations in terms of "total" charge and current.

For a more general overview of the relationships between classical electromagnetism and special relativity, including various conceptual implications of this picture, see Classical electromagnetism and special relativity.

Lorentz tensors of the following kinds may be used in this article to describe bodies or particles:

The signs in the following tensor analysis depend on the convention used for the metric tensor. The convention used here is +−−−, corresponding to the Minkowski metric tensor:

The electromagnetic tensor is the combination of the electric and magnetic fields into a covariant antisymmetric tensor whose entries are B-field quantities.

and the result of raising its indices is

where E is the electric field, B the magnetic field, and "c" the speed of light.

The four-current is the contravariant four-vector which combines electric charge density "ρ" and electric current density j:

The electromagnetic four-potential is a covariant four-vector containing the electric potential (also called the scalar potential) "ϕ" and magnetic vector potential (or vector potential) A, as follows:

The differential of the electromagnetic potential is

The electromagnetic stress–energy tensor can be interpreted as the flux density of the momentum 4-vector, and is a contravariant symmetric tensor that is the contribution of the electromagnetic fields to the overall stress–energy tensor:

where "ε" is the electric permittivity of vacuum, "μ" is the magnetic permeability of vacuum, the Poynting vector is

and the Maxwell stress tensor is given by

The electromagnetic field tensor "F" constructs the electromagnetic stress–energy tensor "T" by the equation:
where "η" is the Minkowski metric tensor (with signature +−−−). Notice that we use the fact that
which is predicted by Maxwell's equations.

In vacuum (or for the microscopic equations, not including macroscopic material descriptions), Maxwell's equations can be written as two tensor equations.

The two inhomogeneous Maxwell's equations, Gauss's Law and Ampère's law (with Maxwell's correction) combine into (with +−−− metric):

while the homogeneous equations – Faraday's law of induction and Gauss's law for magnetism combine to form:

where "F" is the electromagnetic tensor, "J" is the 4-current, "ε" is the Levi-Civita symbol, and the indices behave according to the Einstein summation convention.

Each of these tensor equations corresponds to four scalar equations, one for each value of "β". 

Using the antisymmetric tensor notation and comma notation for the partial derivative (see Ricci calculus), the second equation can also be written more compactly as:

In the absence of sources, Maxwell's equations reduce to:

which is an electromagnetic wave equation in the field strength tensor.

The Lorenz gauge condition is a Lorentz-invariant gauge condition. (This can be contrasted with other gauge conditions such as the Coulomb gauge, which if it holds in one inertial frame will generally not hold in any other.) It is expressed in terms of the four-potential as follows:

In the Lorenz gauge, the microscopic Maxwell's equations can be written as:

Electromagnetic (EM) fields affect the motion of electrically charged matter: due to the Lorentz force. In this way, EM fields can be detected (with applications in particle physics, and natural occurrences such as in aurorae). In relativistic form, the Lorentz force uses the field strength tensor as follows.

Expressed in terms of coordinate time "t", it is:

where "p" is the four-momentum, "q" is the charge, and "x" is the position.

In the co-moving reference frame, this yields the 4-force

where "u" is the four-velocity, and τ is the particle's proper time, which is related to coordinate time by "dt" = γ"d"τ.

The density of force due to electromagnetism, whose spatial part is the Lorentz force, is given by 

and is related to the electromagnetic stress–energy tensor by

The continuity equation:
expresses charge conservation.

Using the Maxwell equations, one can see that the electromagnetic stress–energy tensor (defined above) satisfies the following differential equation, relating it to the electromagnetic tensor and the current four-vector

or

which expresses the conservation of linear momentum and energy by electromagnetic interactions.

In order to solve the equations of electromagnetism given here, it is necessary to add information about how to calculate the electric current, "J" Frequently, it is convenient to separate the current into two parts, the free current and the bound current, which are modeled by different equations;

where

Maxwell's macroscopic equations have been used, in addition the definitions of the electric displacement D and the magnetic intensity H:

where M is the magnetization and P the electric polarization.

The bound current is derived from the P and M fields which form an antisymmetric contravariant magnetization-polarization tensor 

which determines the bound current

If this is combined with "F" we get the antisymmetric contravariant electromagnetic displacement tensor which combines the D and H fields as follows:

The three field tensors are related by:

which is equivalent to the definitions of the D and H fields given above.

The result is that Ampère's law, 
and Gauss's law, 

combine into one equation:

_{\text{free}} = \partial_{\mu} \mathcal{D}^{\mu \nu} </math>

The bound current and free current as defined above are automatically and separately conserved

In vacuum, the constitutive relations between the field tensor and displacement tensor are:

Antisymmetry reduces these 16 equations to just six independent equations. Because it is usual to define "F" by

the constitutive equations may, in "vacuum", be combined with the Gauss–Ampère law to get:

The electromagnetic stress–energy tensor in terms of the displacement is:

where "δ" is the Kronecker delta. When the upper index is lowered with "η", it becomes symmetric and is part of the source of the gravitational field.

Thus we have reduced the problem of modeling the current, "J" to two (hopefully) easier problems — modeling the free current, "J" and modeling the magnetization and polarization, formula_49. For example, in the simplest materials at low frequencies, one has

where one is in the instantaneously comoving inertial frame of the material, σ is its electrical conductivity, χ is its electric susceptibility, and χ is its magnetic susceptibility.

The constitutive relations between the formula_53 and "F" tensors, proposed by Minkowski for a linear materials (that is, E is proportional to D and B proportional to H), are:

where "u" is the 4-velocity of material, ε and μ are respectively the proper permittivity and permeability of the material (i.e. in rest frame of material), formula_56 and denotes the Hodge dual.

The Lagrangian density for classical electrodynamics is

In the interaction term, the four-current should be understood as an abbreviation of many terms expressing the electric currents of other charged fields in terms of their variables; the four-current is not itself a fundamental field.

The Euler–Lagrange equation for the electromagnetic Lagrangian density formula_58 can be stated as follows:

Noting 
the expression inside the square bracket is 

The second term is

Therefore, the electromagnetic field's equations of motion are
which is one of the Maxwell equations above.

Separating the free currents from the bound currents, another way to write the Lagrangian density is as follows:

Using Euler–Lagrange equation, the equations of motion for formula_65 can be derived.

The equivalent expression in non-relativistic vector notation is




