Electron heat capacity

In solid state physics the electron heat capacity or electronic specific heat describes the contribution of electrons to the heat capacity. 
Heat is transported by phonons and by free electrons in solids. For pure metals, however, the electronic contributions dominate in the thermal conductivity. In impure metals, the electron mean free path is reduced by collisions with impurities, and the phonon contribution may be comparable with the electronic contribution.

Although the Drude model was fairly successful in describing the electron motion within metals, it has some erroneous aspects: it predicts the Hall coefficient with the wrong sign compared to experimental measurements, the assumed additional electronic heat capacity to the lattice heat capacity, namely formula_1 per electron at elevated temperatures, is also inconsistent with experimental values, since measurements of metals show no deviation from the Dulong–Petit law. The observed electronic contribution of electrons to the heat capacity is usually less than one percent of formula_2. This problem seemed insoluble prior to the development of quantum mechanics. This paradox was solved by Arnold Sommerfeld after the discovery of the Pauli exclusion principle, who recognised that the replacement of the Boltzmann distribution with the Fermi–Dirac distribution was required and incorporated it in the free electron model.

When a metallic system is heated from absolute zero, not every electron gains an energy formula_3 as equipartition dictates. Only those electrons in atomic orbitals within an energy range of formula_4 of the Fermi level are thermally excited. Electrons, in contrast to a classical gas, can only move into free states in their energetic neighbourhood.
The one-electron energy levels are specified by the wave vector formula_5 through the relation formula_6 with formula_7 the electron mass. This relation separates the occupied energy states from the unoccupied ones and corresponds to the spherical surface in k-space. As formula_8 the ground state distribution becomes:

where

This implies that the ground state is the only occupied state for electrons in the limit formula_8, the formula_15 takes the Pauli exclusion principle into account. The internal energy formula_16 of a system within the free electron model is given by the sum over one-electron levels times the mean number of electrons in that level:

where the factor of 2 accounts for the spin up and spin down states of the electron.

Using the approximation that for a sum over a smooth function formula_18 over all allowed values of formula_5 for finite large system is given by:

where

For the reduced internal energy formula_22 the expression for formula_16 can be rewritten as:

and the expression for the electron density formula_25 can be written as:

The integrals above can be evaluated using the fact that the dependence of the integrals on formula_27 can be changed to dependence on formula_28 through the relation for the electronic energy when described as free particles, formula_6, which yields for an arbitrary function formula_30:

with formula_32
which is known as the density of levels or density of states per unit volume such that formula_33 is the total number of states between formula_28 and formula_35 . Using the expressions above the integrals can be rewritten as:

These integrals can be evaluated for temperatures that are small compared to the Fermi temperature by applying the Sommerfeld expansion and using the approximation that formula_12 differs from formula_11 for formula_39 by terms of order formula_40. The expressions become:

For the ground state configuration the first terms (the integrals) of the expressions above yield the internal energy and electron density of the ground state. The expression for the electron density reduces to formula_42. Substituting this into the expression for the internal energy, one finds the following expression:

The contributions of electrons within the free electron model is given by:

Compared to the classical result (formula_46), it can be concluded that this result is depressed by a factor of formula_47 which is at room temperature of order of magnitude formula_48. This explains the absence of an electronic contribution to the heat capacity as measured experimentally.

Note that in this derivation formula_11 is often denoted by formula_50 which is known as the Fermi energy. In this notation, the electron heat capacity becomes:

For temperatures below both the Debye temperature formula_54 and the Fermi temperature formula_55 the heat capacity of metals can be written as a sum of electron and phonon contributions that are linear and cubic respectively: formula_56. The coefficient formula_57 can be calculated and determined experimentally. Some values are tabulated below:
The free electrons in a metal do not usually lead to a strong deviation from the Dulong–Petit law at high temperatures. Since formula_57 is linear in formula_59 and formula_60 is linear in formula_61, at low temperatures the lattice contribution vanishes faster than the electronic contribution and the latter can be measured. The deviation of the approximated and experimentally determined electronic contribution to the heat capacity of a metal is not too large. A few metals deviate significantly from this approximated prediction. Measurements indicate that these errors are associated with the electron mass being somehow changed in the metal, for the calculation of the electron heat capacity the effective mass of an electron should be considered instead. For Fe and Co the large deviations are attributed to the partially filled d-shells of these transition metals, whose d-bands lie at the Fermi energy.
The alkali metals are expected to have the best agreement with the free electron model since these metals only one s-electron outside a closed shell. However even sodium, which is considered to be the closest to a free electron metal, is determined to have a formula_57 more than 25 per cent higher than expected from the theory.

Certain effects influence the deviation from the approximation:

Superconductivity occurs in many metallic elements of the periodic system and also in alloys, intermetallic compounds, and doped semiconductors. This effect occurs upon cooling the material. The entropy decreases on cooling below the critical temperature formula_63 for superconductivity which indicates that the superconducting state is more ordered than the normal state. The entropy change is small, this must mean that only a very small fraction of electrons participate in the transition to the superconducting state but, the electronic contribution to the heat capacity changes drastically. There is a sharp jump of the heat capcacity at the critical temperature while for the temperatures above the critical temperature the heat capacity is linear with temperature.

The calculation of the electron heat capacity for super conductors can be done in the BCS theory. The entropy of a system of fermionic quasiparticles, in this case Cooper pairs, is:

where formula_65 is the Fermi–Dirac distribution formula_66 with formula_67
and

The heat capacity is given by formula_72.
The last two terms can be calculated:

Substituting this in the expression for the heat capacity and again applying that the sum over formula_27 in the reciprocal space can be replaced by an integral in formula_28 multipied by the density of states formula_76 this yields:

To examine the typical behaviour of the electron heat capacity for species that can transition to the superconducting state, three regions must be defined:


For formula_78 it holds that formula_83 and the electron heat capacity becomes:

This is just the result for a normal metal derived in the section above, as expected since a superconductor behaves as a normal conductor above the critical temperature.

For formula_80 the electron heat capacity for super conductors exhibits an exponential decay of the form:
formula_87

At the critical temperature the heat capacity is discontinuous. This discontinuity in the heat capacity indicates that the transition for a material from normal conducting to superconducting is a second order phase transition.

More recent research has found that since both the Fermi function formula_10 and the electronic density of states formula_90 vary with formula_91, a more exact expression for formula_92 is the following equation at given formula_91




