Ewald–Oseen extinction theorem

In optics, the Ewald–Oseen extinction theorem, sometimes referred to as just "extinction theorem", is a theorem that underlies the common understanding of scattering (as well as refraction, reflection, and diffraction). It is named after Paul Peter Ewald and Carl Wilhelm Oseen, who proved the theorem in crystalline and isotropic media, respectively, in 1916 and 1915. Originally, the theorem applied to scattering by an isotropic dielectric objects in free space. The scope of the theorem was greatly extended to encompass a wide variety of bianisotropic media.

An important part of optical physics theory is starting with microscopic physics—the behavior of atoms and electrons—and using it to "derive" the familiar, macroscopic, laws of optics. In particular, there is a derivation of how the refractive index works and where it comes from, starting from microscopic physics. The Ewald–Oseen extinction theorem is one part of that derivation (as is the Lorentz–Lorenz equation etc.).

When light traveling in vacuum enters a transparent medium like glass, the light slows down, as described by the index of refraction. Although this fact is famous and familiar, it is actually quite strange and surprising when you think about it microscopically. After all, according to the superposition principle, the light in the glass is a superposition of:

Individually, each of these waves travels at the speed of light in vacuum, "not" at the (slower) speed of light in glass. Yet when the waves are added up, they surprisingly create "only" a wave that travels at the slower speed.

The Ewald–Oseen extinction theorem says that the light emitted by the atoms has a component traveling at the speed of light in vacuum, which exactly cancels out ("extinguishes") the original light wave. Additionally, the light emitted by the atoms has a component which looks like a wave traveling at the slower speed of light in glass. Altogether, the "only" wave in the glass is the slow wave, consistent with what we expect from basic optics.

A more complete description can be found in Classical Optics and its Applications, by Masud Mansuripur. A proof of the classical theorem can be found in Principles of Optics, by Born and Wolf., and that of its extension has been presented by Akhlesh Lakhtakia.

When an electromagnetic wave enters a dielectric medium, it excites (resonates) the material’s electrons whether they are free or bound, setting them into a vibratory state with the same frequency as the wave. These electrons will in turn radiate their own electromagnetic fields as a result of their oscillation (EM fields of oscillating charges). Due to the linearity of Maxwell equations, one expects the total field at any point in space to be the sum of the original field and the field produced by oscillating electrons. This result is, however, counterintuitive to the practical wave one observes in the dielectric moving at a speed of c/n, where n is the medium index of refraction. The Ewald-Oseen extinction theorem seek to address the disconnect by demonstrating how the superposition of these two waves reproduces the familiar result of a wave that moves at a speed of c/n.

Let’s consider a simplified situation in which a monochromatic electromagnetic wave is normally incident on a medium filling half the space in the region z>0 as shown in Figure 1.

The electric ﬁeld at a point in space is the sum of the electric fields due to all the various sources. In our case, we separate the fields in two categories based on their generating sources. We denote the incident field

formula_1

and the sum of the fields generated by the oscillating electrons in the medium

formula_2.

The total field at any point z in space is then given by the superposition of the two contributions,

formula_3.

To match what we already observe, formula_1has this form. However, we already know that inside the medium, z>0, we will only observe what we call the transmitted E-field formula_5which travels through the material at speed c/n.

Therefore in this formalism,

formula_6

This to say that the radiated field cancels out the incident field and creates a transmitted field traveling within the medium at speed c/n. Using the same logic, outside the medium the radiated field produces the effect of a reflected field Er traveling at speed c in the opposite direction to the incident field.

formula_7

assume that the wavelength is much larger than the average separation of atoms so that the medium can be considered continuous. We use the usual macroscopic E and B fields and take the medium to be nonmagnetic and neutral so that Maxwell’s equations read

formula_8

both the total electric and magnetic fields

formula_9

the set of Maxwell equations inside the dielectric

formula_10

where formula_11 includes the true and polarization current induced in the material by the outside electric field. We assume a linear relationship between the current and the electric field, hence

formula_12

The set of Maxwell equations outside the dielectric has no current density term

formula_13

The two sets of Maxwell equations are coupled since the vacuum electric field appears in the current density term.

For a monochromatic wave at normal incidence, the vacuum electric field has the form

formula_14 ,

with formula_15.

Now to solve for formula_16, we take the curl of the third equation in the first set of Maxwell equation and combine it with the fourth.

formula_17

We simplify the double curl in a couple of steps using Einstein summation Einstein summation.
formula_18

Hence we obtain,

formula_19

Then substituting formula_11 by formula_21, using the fact that formula_22 we obtain,

formula_23

Realizing that all the fields have the same time dependence formula_24, the time derivatives are straightforward and we obtain the following inhomogeneous wave equation

formula_25

with particular solution

formula_26

For the complete solution, we add to the particular solution the general solution of the homogeneous equation which is a superposition of plane waves traveling in arbitrary directions[13]

formula_27

Where formula_28is found from the homogeneous equation to be

formula_29

Note that we have taken the solution as a coherent superposition of plane waves. Because of symmetry, we expect the fields to be the same in a plane perpendicular to the formula_30 axis. Hence formula_31 where formula_32 is a displacement perpendicular to formula_30.

Since there are no boundaries in the region formula_34, we expect a wave traveling to the right. The solution to the homogeneous equation becomes,

formula_35

Adding this to the particular solution, we get the radiated wave inside the medium ( formula_34 )

formula_37

The total field at any position formula_30 is the sum of the incident and radiated fields at that position. Adding the two components inside the medium, we get the total field

formula_39 formula_34

This wave travels inside the dielectric at speed formula_41

formula_42

We can simplify the above formula_43 to a familiar form of the index of refraction of a linear isotropic dielectric. To do so, we remember that in a linear dielectric an applied electric field formula_44 induces a polarization formula_45 proportional to the electric field formula_46. When the electric field changes, the induced charges move and produces a current density given by formula_47. Since the time dependence of the electric field is formula_48, we get

formula_49

Which implies that the conductivity

formula_50.

Then substituting the conductivity in the equation of formula_43, gives

formula_52

Which is a more familiar form.For the region formula_53, one imposes the condition of a wave traveling to the left. By setting the conductivity in this region formula_54, we obtain the reflected wave

formula_55

traveling at the speed of light.

Note that the coefficients nomenclature, formula_56 and formula_57, are only adopted to match what we already expect.

The following is a derivation based off of a work by Wangsness and a similar derivation found in chapter 20 of Zangwill's text, Modern Electrodynamics . The setup is as follows, let the infinite half-space formula_53 be vacuum and the infinite half-space formula_34 be a uniform, isotropic, dielectric material with electric susceptibility, formula_60

The inhomogeneous electromagnetic wave equation for the electric field can be written in terms of the electric Hertz Potential, formula_61, in the Lorenz gauge as

formula_62.

The electric field in terms of the Hertz vectors is given as

formula_63,

but the magnetic Hertz vector formula_64 is 0 since the material is assumed to be non-magnetizable and there is no external magnetic field. Therefore the electric field simplifies to

formula_65.

In order to calculate the electric field we must first solve the inhomogeneous wave equation for formula_61. To do this, split formula_61 in the homogeneous and particular solutions

formula_68.

Linearity then allows us to write

formula_69.

The homogeneous solution, formula_70, is the initial plane wave traveling with wave vector formula_71 in the positive formula_30 direction

formula_73

We do not need to explicitly find formula_74since we are only interested in finding the field.

The particular solution, formula_75 and therefore, formula_76, is found using a time dependent Green's function method on the inhomogeneous wave equation for formula_77 which produces the retarded integral

formula_78.

Since the initial electric field is polarizing the material, the polarization vector must have the same space and time dependence formula_79 More detail about this assumption is discussed by Wangsness. Plugging this into the integral and expressing in terms of Cartesian coordinates produces

formula_80

First, consider only the integration over formula_81and formula_82and convert this to cylindrical coordinates formula_83 and call formula_84

formula_85

Then using the substitution

formula_86

and

formula_87

so the limits become

formula_88

and

formula_89

Then introduce a convergence factor formula_90 with formula_91 into the integrand since it does not change the value of the integral,

formula_92

Then formula_91 implies formula_94, hence formula_95. Therefore,

formula_96

Now, plugging this result back into the z-integral yields

formula_97

Notice that formula_98 is now only a function of formula_99 and not formula_100, which was expected for the given symmetry.

This integration must be split into two due to the absolute value formula_101 inside the integrand. The regions are formula_53 and formula_34. Again, a convergence factor must be introduced to evaluate both integrals and the result is

formula_104

Instead of plugging formula_98 directly into the expression for the electric field, several simplifications can be made. Begin with the curl of the curl vector identity,

formula_106,

therefore,

formula_107

Notice that formula_108 because formula_109 has no formula_110 dependence and is always perpendicular to formula_111. Also, notice that the second and third terms are equivalent to the inhomogeneous wave equation, therefore,

formula_112

Therefore, the total field is

formula_113

which becomes,

formula_114

Now focus on the field inside the dielectric. Using the fact that formula_115 is complex, we may immediately write

formula_116

recall also that inside the dielectric we have formula_117.

Then by coefficient matching we find,

formula_118

and

formula_119.

The first relation quickly yields the wave vector in the dielectric in terms of the incident wave as

formula_120

Using this result and the definition of formula_121 in the second expression yields the polarization vector in terms of the incident electric field as

formula_122

Both of these results can be substituted into the expression for the electric field to obtain the final expression

formula_123

This is exactly the result as expected. There is only one wave inside the medium and it has wave speed reduced by n. The expected reflection and transmission coefficients are also recovered.

The characteristic "extinction length" of a medium is the distance after which the original wave can be said to have been completely replaced. For visible light, traveling in air at sea level, this distance is approximately 1 mm. In interstellar space, the extinction length for light is 2 light years At very high frequencies, the electrons in the medium can't "follow" the original wave into oscillation, which lets that wave travel much further: for 0.5 MeV gamma rays, the length is 19 cm of air and 0.3 mm of Lucite, and for 4.4 GeV, 1.7 m in air, and 1.4 mm in carbon.

Special relativity predicts that the speed of light in vacuum is independent of the velocity of the source emitting it. This widely believed prediction has been occasionally tested using astronomical observations. For example, in a binary star system, the two stars are moving in opposite directions, and one might test the prediction by analyzing their light. (See, for instance, the De Sitter double star experiment.) Unfortunately, the extinction length of light in space nullifies the results of any such experiments using visible light, especially when taking account of the thick cloud of stationary gas surrounding such stars. However, experiments using X-rays emitted by binary pulsars, with much longer extinction length, have been successful.


