Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics

In statistical mechanics, Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics describes the average distribution of non-interacting material particles over various energy states in thermal equilibrium, and is applicable when the temperature is high enough or the particle density is low enough to render quantum effects negligible.

The expected number of particles with energy formula_1 for Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics is

where:

Equivalently, the number of particles is sometimes expressed as

where the index "i" now specifies a particular state rather than the set of all states with energy formula_1, and formula_12.

Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics may be used to derive the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution (for an ideal gas of classical particles in a three-dimensional box). However, they apply to other situations as well. Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics can be used to extend that distribution to particles with a different energy–momentum relation, such as relativistic particles (Maxwell–Jüttner distribution). In addition, hypothetical situations can be considered, such as particles in a box with different numbers of dimensions (four-dimensional, two-dimensional, etc.).

Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics are often described as the statistics of "distinguishable" classical particles. In other words, the configuration of particle "A" in state 1 and particle "B" in state 2 is different from the case in which particle "B" is in state 1 and particle "A" is in state 2. This assumption leads to the proper (Boltzmann) statistics of particles in the energy states, but yields non-physical results for the entropy, as embodied in the Gibbs paradox.

At the same time, there are no real particles which have the characteristics required by Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics. Indeed, the Gibbs paradox is resolved if we treat all particles of a certain type (e.g., electrons, protons, etc.) as indistinguishable, and this assumption can be justified in the context of quantum mechanics. Once this assumption is made, the particle statistics change.
Quantum particles are either bosons (following instead Bose–Einstein statistics) or fermions (subject to the Pauli exclusion principle, following instead Fermi–Dirac statistics). Both of these quantum statistics approach the Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics in the limit of high temperature and low particle density, without the need for any ad hoc assumptions. The Fermi–Dirac and Bose–Einstein statistics give the energy level occupation as:
It can be seen that the condition under which the Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics are valid is when
where formula_15 is the lowest (minimum) value of formula_1.

Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics are particularly useful for studying gases that are not very dense. Note, however, that all of these statistics assume that the particles are non-interacting and have static energy states.

Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics can be derived in various statistical mechanical thermodynamic ensembles:
In each case it is necessary to assume that the particles are non-interacting, and that multiple particles can occupy the same state and do so independently.

Suppose we have a container with a huge number of very small particles all with identical physical characteristics (such as mass, charge, etc.). Let's refer to this as the "system". Assume that though the particles have identical properties, they are distinguishable. For example, we might identify each particle by continually observing their trajectories, or by placing a marking on each one, e.g., drawing a different number on each one as is done with lottery balls.

The particles are moving inside that container in all directions with great speed. Because the particles are speeding around, they possess some energy. The Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution is a mathematical function that speaks about how many particles in the container have a certain energy. More precisely, the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution gives the non-normalized probability that the state corresponding to a particular energy is occupied.

In general, there may be many particles with the same amount of energy formula_17. Let the number of particles with the same energy formula_18 be formula_19, the number of particles possessing another energy formula_20 be formula_21, and so forth for all the possible energies {formula_1 | i=1,2,3...}. To describe this situation, we say that formula_23 is the "occupation number" of the "energy level" formula_24 If we know all the occupation numbers {formula_23 | i=1,2,3...}, then we know the total energy of the system. However, because we can distinguish between "which" particles are occupying each energy level, the set of occupation numbers {formula_23 | i=1,2,3...} does not completely describe the state of the system. To completely describe the state of the system, or the "microstate", we must specify exactly which particles are in each energy level. Thus when we count the number of possible states of the system, we must count each and every microstate, and not just the possible sets of occupation numbers.

To begin with, let's ignore the degeneracy problem: assume that there is only one way to put formula_23 particles into the energy level formula_28 . What follows next is a bit of combinatorial thinking which has little to do in accurately describing the reservoir of particles.

The number of different ways of performing an ordered selection of one single object from "N" objects is obviously "N". The number of different ways of selecting two objects from "N" objects, in a particular order, is thus "N"("N" − 1) and that of selecting "n" objects in a particular order is seen to be "N"!/("N" − "n")<nowiki>!</nowiki>. It is divided by the number of permutations, "n"!, if order does not matter. The binomial coefficient, "N"!/("n"!("N" − "n")!), is, thus, the number of ways to pick "n" objects from formula_29. If we now have a set of boxes labelled "a, b, c, d, e, ..., k", then the number of ways of selecting "N" objects from a total of "N" objects and placing them in box "a", then selecting "N" objects from the remaining "N" − "N" objects and placing them in box "b", then selecting "N" objects from the remaining "N" − "N" − "N" objects and placing them in box "c", and continuing until no object is left outside is

and because not even a single object is to be left outside the boxes, implies that the sum made of the terms "N, N, N, N, N, ..., N" must equal "N", thus the term "(N - N - N - N - ... - N - N)!" in the relation above evaluates to "0!". (0!=1) which makes possible to write down that relation as
This is just the multinomial coefficient, the number of ways of arranging "N" items into "k" boxes, the "i"-th box holding "N" items, ignoring the permutation of items in each box.

Now going back to the degeneracy problem which characterizes the reservoir of particles. If the "i"-th box has a "degeneracy" of formula_6, that is, it has formula_6 "sub-boxes", such that any way of filling the "i"-th box where the number in the sub-boxes is changed is a distinct way of filling the box, then the number of ways of filling the "i"-th box must be increased by the number of ways of distributing the formula_23 objects in the formula_6 "sub-boxes". The number of ways of placing formula_23 distinguishable objects in formula_6 "sub-boxes" is formula_38 (the first object can go into any of the formula_6 boxes, the second object can also go into any of the formula_6 boxes, and so on). Thus the number of ways formula_41 that a total of formula_29 particles can be classified into energy levels according to their energies, while each level formula_28 having formula_6 distinct states such that the "i"-th level accommodates formula_23 particles is:

This is the form for "W" first derived by Boltzmann. Boltzmann's fundamental equation formula_47 relates the thermodynamic entropy "S" to the number of microstates "W", where "k" is the Boltzmann constant. It was pointed out by Gibbs however, that the above expression for "W" does not yield an extensive entropy, and is therefore faulty. This problem is known as the Gibbs paradox. The problem is that the particles considered by the above equation are not indistinguishable. In other words, for two particles ("A" and "B") in two energy sublevels the population represented by [A,B] is considered distinct from the population [B,A] while for indistinguishable particles, they are not. If we carry out the argument for indistinguishable particles, we are led to the Bose–Einstein expression for "W":

The Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution follows from this Bose–Einstein distribution for temperatures well above absolute zero, implying that formula_49. The Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution also requires low density, implying that formula_50. Under these conditions, we may use Stirling's approximation for the factorial:

to write:

Using the fact that formula_53 for formula_50 we can again use Stirling's approximation to write:

This is essentially a division by "N!" of Boltzmann's original expression for "W", and this correction is referred to as .

We wish to find the formula_23 for which the function formula_41 is maximized, while considering the constraint that there is a fixed number of particles formula_58 and a fixed energy formula_59 in the container. The maxima of formula_41 and formula_61 are achieved by the same values of formula_23 and, since it is easier to accomplish mathematically, we will maximize the latter function instead. We constrain our solution using Lagrange multipliers forming the function:

Finally

In order to maximize the expression above we apply Fermat's theorem (stationary points), according to which local extrema, if exist, must be at critical points (partial derivatives vanish):

By solving the equations above (formula_67) we arrive to an expression for formula_23:

Substituting this expression for formula_23 into the equation for formula_71 and assuming that formula_72 yields:

or, rearranging:

Boltzmann realized that this is just an expression of the Euler-integrated fundamental equation of thermodynamics. Identifying "E" as the internal energy, the Euler-integrated fundamental equation states that :

where "T" is the temperature, "P" is pressure, "V" is volume, and μ is the chemical potential. Boltzmann's famous equation formula_47 is the realization that the entropy is proportional to formula_71 with the constant of proportionality being Boltzmann's constant. Using the ideal gas equation of state ("PV=NkT"), It follows immediately that formula_78 and formula_79 so that the populations may now be written:

Note that the above formula is sometimes written:

where formula_82 is the absolute activity.

Alternatively, we may use the fact that

to obtain the population numbers as

where "Z" is the partition function defined by:

In an approximation where "ε" is considered to be a continuous variable, the Thomas-Fermi approximation yields a continuous degeneracy g proportional to formula_86 so that:

which is just the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution for the energy.

In the above discussion, the Boltzmann distribution function was obtained via directly analysing the multiplicities of a system. Alternatively, one can make use of the canonical ensemble. In a canonical ensemble, a system is in thermal contact with a reservoir. While energy is free to flow between the system and the reservoir, the reservoir is thought to have infinitely large heat capacity as to maintain constant temperature, "T", for the combined system.

In the present context, our system is assumed to have the energy levels formula_88 with degeneracies formula_6. As before, we would like to calculate the probability that our system has energy formula_1.

If our system is in state formula_91, then there would be a corresponding number of microstates available to the reservoir. Call this number formula_92. By assumption, the combined system (of the system we are interested in and the reservoir) is isolated, so all microstates are equally probable. Therefore, for instance, if formula_93, we can conclude that our system is twice as likely to be in state formula_91 than formula_95. In general, if formula_96 is the probability that our system is in state formula_97,

Since the entropy of the reservoir formula_99, the above becomes

Next we recall the thermodynamic identity (from the first law of thermodynamics):

In a canonical ensemble, there is no exchange of particles, so the formula_102 term is zero. Similarly, formula_103 This gives

where formula_105 and formula_106 denote the energies of the reservoir and the system at formula_107, respectively. For the second equality we have used the conservation of energy. Substituting into the first equation relating formula_108:

which implies, for any state "s" of the system

where "Z" is an appropriately chosen "constant" to make total probability 1. ("Z" is constant provided that the temperature "T" is invariant.)

where the index "s" runs through all microstates of the system. "Z" is sometimes called the Boltzmann sum over states (or "Zustandsumme" in the original German). If we index the summation via the energy eigenvalues instead of all possible states, degeneracy must be taken into account. The probability of our system having energy formula_88 is simply the sum of the probabilities of all corresponding microstates:

where, with obvious modification,

this is the same result as before.

Comments on this derivation:




