Sackler Prize

The Raymond and Beverly Sackler International Prize in the Physical Sciences is a $40,000 prize in the disciplines of either physics or chemistry awarded by Tel Aviv University each year for young scientists who have made outstanding and fundamental contributions in their fields. It was created through the generosity of Dr. Raymond Sackler and his wife, Mrs. Beverly Sackler.

There is an age limit for all nominees. Nominations for the Sackler Prize can be made by individuals in any of the following categories:
1) Faculty of Physics, Astronomy or Chemistry departments in institutions of higher learning worldwide.
2) Presidents, Rectors, Vice-Presidents, Provosts and Deans, of institutions of higher learning worldwide.
3) Directors of laboratories worldwide.
4) Sackler Prize laureates.

For 2008, the age limit has been raised to 45 and the prize money to $50,000.

The 2000 prize was awarded in Theoretical High Energy Physics to Michael R. Douglas of Rutgers University and Juan Martin Maldacena of
the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, for work "beyond the 1975 synthesis known as the 'Standard Model' and within the framework of (supersymmetrical) String or M-theory."

The 2001 prize in the Physical Chemistry of Advanced Materials was shared by Moungi B. Bawendi of MIT and James R. Heath of UCLA "for their seminal contributions to the discovery, development and fundamental and applied studies of nanoscale materials."

The 2002 prize was awarded in the Physics of Engineered Materials to Leo P. Kouwenhoven of Delft University of Technology for the "understanding of electronic states and charge transport in sub-micron systems" and Ullrich Steiner of Cambridge University "for innovative discoveries in the analysis and control of the structure."

The 2003 prize in Advanced Nanostructed Materials was awarded jointly to Chad A. Mirkin of Northwestern University and Xiaoliang Sunney Xie of Harvard University "for their seminal contributions to the discovery, design, fabrication and characterization of nano-structure materials, including complex macromolecules and single molecules with biological significance."

The 2004 prize in Observational or Theoretical Astronomy and Astrophysics was awarded to Andrea M. Ghez of UCLA "for her pioneering high-resolution infrared observations that provide evidence for, and establish the mass of, the supermassive blackhole in the center of the galaxy" and Adam G. Riess of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, Maryland "for his contributions to the observational study of distant Type Ia supernovae that reveal the accelerating expansion of the universe and the possible existence of dark energy."

The 2005 prize was shared jointly by Christoph Dellago of the University of Vienna, Christopher Jarzynski of Los Alamos National Laboratory, and David Reichman of Columbia University, "for their ground-breaking developments in statistical mechanics and seminal contributions to the dynamics of disordered condensed matter."

The 2006 joint winners were Yuri Kovchegov of Ohio State University, for his work in quantum chromodynamics at very high energies and gluon densities, and Thomas Glasmacher of Michigan State University, for developing new sensitive methods of studying nuclear structure, utilizing Coulomb excitation with fast beams of rare isotopes.

The 2007 winners were Clare M. Waterman-Storer and Frank Jülicher.

There is also a Raymond and Beverly Sackler Prize in Music Composition, the purpose of which is to provide financial support for the creation of new musical works, and which is administered by the School of Fine Arts at the University of Connecticut. Begun in 2002, the international award offers a substantial recognition including public performances, recordings, and a prize of $25,000 (USD). The 2015 winner was David Dzubay.



